hello today we will analyze the song
alexander ivanova oh my god what a trifle in
tones of am for minor play
verse chorus and analyze
I see the sky in him silence
I rise to the sky barely breathing and suddenly
I understand it in my soul
strange thing is my soul
how ridiculous to live upside down when such
the sky is above me and the stars seem
you can get a hand I did not know that
this world such god what a trifle to do
at least once something not to throw trash
from home and old to call friends
but something seriously change is not afraid in
little things loose free sky only
over my head
and so intro
we start playing with re chord
minor
play three strings starting from 4
in the place we play them
then play the first open
again
2 and 2 nestles on the first fret
farther
remove your index finger and play
again 4 3 2 pressed so third
string that year we press on the first
let go
and again 2
and play four lower strings starting 6
finish and the third one or so play or
just down with your thumb then 1 3
one two Three
playing 6 bass string is she playing
very second fret
what is convenient to whom how to press can
thumb can
middle finger mean pressed down
we are going open
second leg 4 watt
if anyone is hard to get
with chord e mass string on
You can play the fourth fret here
so take a chord e in this position on
fourth fret
2 4 from 2 to 4 and 5 string play too
four strings below
this
well here's the intro next we go on
cube red
first chord we m
I have a bust
5 3 2 1 2 3
here 2 second chord we have a
Only a touch of salt is added in A minor.
on the third fret, the sixth string
on f major e
and here are two chords and has two
transitional supports
you can just play them like that
farther
chord c
will we have such a walk bass
the string is playing
5 2 fret and open in chord in C major with
yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes
clear yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes
Here, too, two chords is such si
minor h & m
you can play a sept that is with a little finger not
press down
and chord e
sept can also be taken
Here is on the verse understandable refrain
mom how the whole chord in d major will be yes for
at once you are glad yes radar city of tadad
that is the same chord that we have in
couplet fighting on couplet for the second part
verse rather on the chorus
understandable failure, too, well, that's the whole song
I wish you all success